! Title: Gambling Site Cleanup
! Description: Hides floating icons, social widgets, marquees, and pop-ups, and blocks some images on a curated list of gambling websites.
! Last updated: 2025-08-07

! Rules for specific domains
fuckwit9.com###marquee > span
fuckwit9.com##.notice-slider
fuckwit9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fuckwit9.com##.floating-icons-container
fuckwit9.com##.static-icon-container
fuckwit9.com##.floating-whatsapp
methpokies.com###marquee > span
methpokies.com##.notice-slider
methpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
methpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
methpokies.com##.static-icon-container
methpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
psychospin.com###marquee > span
psychospin.com##.notice-slider
psychospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
psychospin.com##.floating-icons-container
psychospin.com##.static-icon-container
psychospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
gronkspin.com###marquee > span
gronkspin.com##.notice-slider
gronkspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
gronkspin.com##.floating-icons-container
gronkspin.com##.static-icon-container
gronkspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
mofoclub.com###marquee > span
mofoclub.com##.notice-slider
mofoclub.com##.swal2-backdrop
mofoclub.com##.floating-icons-container
mofoclub.com##.static-icon-container
mofoclub.com##.floating-whatsapp
cuntpokies.com###marquee > span
cuntpokies.com##.notice-slider
cuntpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
cuntpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntpokies.com##.static-icon-container
cuntpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinsx.net###marquee > span
spinsx.net##.notice-slider
spinsx.net##.swal2-backdrop
spinsx.net##.floating-icons-container
spinsx.net##.static-icon-container
spinsx.net##.floating-whatsapp
onya88.com###marquee > span
onya88.com##.notice-slider
onya88.com##.swal2-backdrop
onya88.com##.floating-icons-container
onya88.com##.static-icon-container
onya88.com##.floating-whatsapp
cuntmeth.com###marquee > span
cuntmeth.com##.notice-slider
cuntmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
cuntmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntmeth.com##.static-icon-container
cuntmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
methbaby.co###marquee > span
methbaby.co##.notice-slider
methbaby.co##.swal2-backdrop
methbaby.co##.floating-icons-container
methbaby.co##.static-icon-container
methbaby.co##.floating-whatsapp
dickwin.com###marquee > span
dickwin.com##.notice-slider
dickwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
dickwin.com##.floating-icons-container
dickwin.com##.static-icon-container
dickwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
f1pokies.com###marquee > span
f1pokies.com##.notice-slider
f1pokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
f1pokies.com##.floating-icons-container
f1pokies.com##.static-icon-container
f1pokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesdream.com###marquee > span
pokiesdream.com##.notice-slider
pokiesdream.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesdream.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiesdream.com##.static-icon-container
pokiesdream.com##.floating-whatsapp
limitedpokies.com###marquee > span
limitedpokies.com##.notice-slider
limitedpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
limitedpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
limitedpokies.com##.static-icon-container
limitedpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
fuckingluck.com###marquee > span
fuckingluck.com##.notice-slider
fuckingluck.com##.swal2-backdrop
fuckingluck.com##.floating-icons-container
fuckingluck.com##.static-icon-container
fuckingluck.com##.floating-whatsapp
boombaby9.com###marquee > span
boombaby9.com##.notice-slider
boombaby9.com##.swal2-backdrop
boombaby9.com##.floating-icons-container
boombaby9.com##.static-icon-container
boombaby9.com##.floating-whatsapp
vicspin.com###marquee > span
vicspin.com##.notice-slider
vicspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
vicspin.com##.floating-icons-container
vicspin.com##.static-icon-container
vicspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
adultsbet.com###marquee > span
adultsbet.com##.notice-slider
adultsbet.com##.swal2-backdrop
adultsbet.com##.floating-icons-container
adultsbet.com##.static-icon-container
adultsbet.com##.floating-whatsapp
punk11.com###marquee > span
punk11.com##.notice-slider
punk11.com##.swal2-backdrop
punk11.com##.floating-icons-container
punk11.com##.static-icon-container
punk11.com##.floating-whatsapp
potstrike.com###marquee > span
potstrike.com##.notice-slider
potstrike.com##.swal2-backdrop
potstrike.com##.floating-icons-container
potstrike.com##.static-icon-container
potstrike.com##.floating-whatsapp
wonpokies.com###marquee > span
wonpokies.com##.notice-slider
wonpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
wonpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
wonpokies.com##.static-icon-container
wonpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
sawspin.com###marquee > span
sawspin.com##.notice-slider
sawspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
sawspin.com##.floating-icons-container
sawspin.com##.static-icon-container
sawspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
bomboclat9.com###marquee > span
bomboclat9.com##.notice-slider
bomboclat9.com##.swal2-backdrop
bomboclat9.com##.floating-icons-container
bomboclat9.com##.static-icon-container
bomboclat9.com##.floating-whatsapp
vanspin.com###marquee > span
vanspin.com##.notice-slider
vanspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
vanspin.com##.floating-icons-container
vanspin.com##.static-icon-container
vanspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
bong21.com###marquee > span
bong21.com##.notice-slider
bong21.com##.swal2-backdrop
bong21.com##.floating-icons-container
bong21.com##.static-icon-container
bong21.com##.floating-whatsapp
f1spin.com###marquee > span
f1spin.com##.notice-slider
f1spin.com##.swal2-backdrop
f1spin.com##.floating-icons-container
f1spin.com##.static-icon-container
f1spin.com##.floating-whatsapp
justwin9.com###marquee > span
justwin9.com##.notice-slider
justwin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
justwin9.com##.floating-icons-container
justwin9.com##.static-icon-container
justwin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
wink9.com###marquee > span
wink9.com##.notice-slider
wink9.com##.swal2-backdrop
wink9.com##.floating-icons-container
wink9.com##.static-icon-container
wink9.com##.floating-whatsapp
devegas99.com###marquee > span
devegas99.com##.notice-slider
devegas99.com##.swal2-backdrop
devegas99.com##.floating-icons-container
devegas99.com##.static-icon-container
devegas99.com##.floating-whatsapp
playmeth.com###marquee > span
playmeth.com##.notice-slider
playmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
playmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
playmeth.com##.static-icon-container
playmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
roopokies.com###marquee > span
roopokies.com##.notice-slider
roopokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
roopokies.com##.floating-icons-container
roopokies.com##.static-icon-container
roopokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
winmate88.com###marquee > span
winmate88.com##.notice-slider
winmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
winmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
winmate88.com##.static-icon-container
winmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
lwin9.com###marquee > span
lwin9.com##.notice-slider
lwin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
lwin9.com##.floating-icons-container
lwin9.com##.static-icon-container
lwin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
fastspin99.com###marquee > span
fastspin99.com##.notice-slider
fastspin99.com##.swal2-backdrop
fastspin99.com##.floating-icons-container
fastspin99.com##.static-icon-container
fastspin99.com##.floating-whatsapp
nextpokies.com###marquee > span
nextpokies.com##.notice-slider
nextpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
nextpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
nextpokies.com##.static-icon-container
nextpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinkash.com###marquee > span
spinkash.com##.notice-slider
spinkash.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinkash.com##.floating-icons-container
spinkash.com##.static-icon-container
spinkash.com##.floating-whatsapp
winspin99.com###marquee > span
winspin99.com##.notice-slider
winspin99.com##.swal2-backdrop
winspin99.com##.floating-icons-container
winspin99.com##.static-icon-container
winspin99.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinwoo.com###marquee > span
spinwoo.com##.notice-slider
spinwoo.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinwoo.com##.floating-icons-container
spinwoo.com##.static-icon-container
spinwoo.com##.floating-whatsapp
stokedau.com###marquee > span
stokedau.com##.notice-slider
stokedau.com##.swal2-backdrop
stokedau.com##.floating-icons-container
stokedau.com##.static-icon-container
stokedau.com##.floating-whatsapp
creampokies.com###marquee > span
creampokies.com##.notice-slider
creampokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
creampokies.com##.floating-icons-container
creampokies.com##.static-icon-container
creampokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
yomate88.com###marquee > span
yomate88.com##.notice-slider
yomate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
yomate88.com##.floating-icons-container
yomate88.com##.static-icon-container
yomate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
rtspin.com###marquee > span
rtspin.com##.notice-slider
rtspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
rtspin.com##.floating-icons-container
rtspin.com##.static-icon-container
rtspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
unipokies.com###marquee > span
unipokies.com##.notice-slider
unipokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
unipokies.com##.floating-icons-container
unipokies.com##.static-icon-container
unipokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
lvpokies.com###marquee > span
lvpokies.com##.notice-slider
lvpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
lvpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
lvpokies.com##.static-icon-container
lvpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
cuntaus.com###marquee > span
cuntaus.com##.notice-slider
cuntaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
cuntaus.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntaus.com##.static-icon-container
cuntaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
betblaze.org###marquee > span
betblaze.org##.notice-slider
betblaze.org##.swal2-backdrop
betblaze.org##.floating-icons-container
betblaze.org##.static-icon-container
betblaze.org##.floating-whatsapp
joofred.com###marquee > span
joofred.com##.notice-slider
joofred.com##.swal2-backdrop
joofred.com##.floating-icons-container
joofred.com##.static-icon-container
joofred.com##.floating-whatsapp
beebee11.com###marquee > span
beebee11.com##.notice-slider
beebee11.com##.swal2-backdrop
beebee11.com##.floating-icons-container
beebee11.com##.static-icon-container
beebee11.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinbaby.co###marquee > span
spinbaby.co##.notice-slider
spinbaby.co##.swal2-backdrop
spinbaby.co##.floating-icons-container
spinbaby.co##.static-icon-container
spinbaby.co##.floating-whatsapp
scr55.com###marquee > span
scr55.com##.notice-slider
scr55.com##.swal2-backdrop
scr55.com##.floating-icons-container
scr55.com##.static-icon-container
scr55.com##.floating-whatsapp
wowbet9.net###marquee > span
wowbet9.net##.notice-slider
wowbet9.net##.swal2-backdrop
wowbet9.net##.floating-icons-container
wowbet9.net##.static-icon-container
wowbet9.net##.floating-whatsapp
wabet77.com###marquee > span
wabet77.com##.notice-slider
wabet77.com##.swal2-backdrop
wabet77.com##.floating-icons-container
wabet77.com##.static-icon-container
wabet77.com##.floating-whatsapp
fafabet9.com###marquee > span
fafabet9.com##.notice-slider
fafabet9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fafabet9.com##.floating-icons-container
fafabet9.com##.static-icon-container
fafabet9.com##.floating-whatsapp
waboom77.com###marquee > span
waboom77.com##.notice-slider
waboom77.com##.swal2-backdrop
waboom77.com##.floating-icons-container
waboom77.com##.static-icon-container
waboom77.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesokay.com###marquee > span
pokiesokay.com##.notice-slider
pokiesokay.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesokay.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiesokay.com##.static-icon-container
pokiesokay.com##.floating-whatsapp
88pokies.com###marquee > span
88pokies.com##.notice-slider
88pokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
88pokies.com##.floating-icons-container
88pokies.com##.static-icon-container
88pokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
cocainespin.com###marquee > span
cocainespin.com##.notice-slider
cocainespin.com##.swal2-backdrop
cocainespin.com##.floating-icons-container
cocainespin.com##.static-icon-container
cocainespin.com##.floating-whatsapp
tinniewin.com###marquee > span
tinniewin.com##.notice-slider
tinniewin.com##.swal2-backdrop
tinniewin.com##.floating-icons-container
tinniewin.com##.static-icon-container
tinniewin.com##.floating-whatsapp
juzspin.com###marquee > span
juzspin.com##.notice-slider
juzspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
juzspin.com##.floating-icons-container
juzspin.com##.static-icon-container
juzspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
jackpotmate88.com###marquee > span
jackpotmate88.com##.notice-slider
jackpotmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
jackpotmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
jackpotmate88.com##.static-icon-container
jackpotmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
methbet.com###marquee > span
methbet.com##.notice-slider
methbet.com##.swal2-backdrop
methbet.com##.floating-icons-container
methbet.com##.static-icon-container
methbet.com##.floating-whatsapp
masonspin.com###marquee > span
masonspin.com##.notice-slider
masonspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
masonspin.com##.floating-icons-container
masonspin.com##.static-icon-container
masonspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
gopokies.co###marquee > span
gopokies.co##.notice-slider
gopokies.co##.swal2-backdrop
gopokies.co##.floating-icons-container
gopokies.co##.static-icon-container
gopokies.co##.floating-whatsapp
minorspin.com###marquee > span
minorspin.com##.notice-slider
minorspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
minorspin.com##.floating-icons-container
minorspin.com##.static-icon-container
minorspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
ketawin.com###marquee > span
ketawin.com##.notice-slider
ketawin.com##.swal2-backdrop
ketawin.com##.floating-icons-container
ketawin.com##.static-icon-container
ketawin.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesgg.com###marquee > span
pokiesgg.com##.notice-slider
pokiesgg.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesgg.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiesgg.com##.static-icon-container
pokiesgg.com##.floating-whatsapp
roospin.com###marquee > span
roospin.com##.notice-slider
roospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
roospin.com##.floating-icons-container
roospin.com##.static-icon-container
roospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
tcl99aus.com###marquee > span
tcl99aus.com##.notice-slider
tcl99aus.com##.swal2-backdrop
tcl99aus.com##.floating-icons-container
tcl99aus.com##.static-icon-container
tcl99aus.com##.floating-whatsapp
tmzbet.com###marquee > span
tmzbet.com##.notice-slider
tmzbet.com##.swal2-backdrop
tmzbet.com##.floating-icons-container
tmzbet.com##.static-icon-container
tmzbet.com##.floating-whatsapp
lsdbaby.co###marquee > span
lsdbaby.co##.notice-slider
lsdbaby.co##.swal2-backdrop
lsdbaby.co##.floating-icons-container
lsdbaby.co##.static-icon-container
lsdbaby.co##.floating-whatsapp
winsavage.com###marquee > span
winsavage.com##.notice-slider
winsavage.com##.swal2-backdrop
winsavage.com##.floating-icons-container
winsavage.com##.static-icon-container
winsavage.com##.floating-whatsapp
winwin9.org###marquee > span
winwin9.org##.notice-slider
winwin9.org##.swal2-backdrop
winwin9.org##.floating-icons-container
winwin9.org##.static-icon-container
winwin9.org##.floating-whatsapp
fatdog9.com###marquee > span
fatdog9.com##.notice-slider
fatdog9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fatdog9.com##.floating-icons-container
fatdog9.com##.static-icon-container
fatdog9.com##.floating-whatsapp
luckyaus.com###marquee > span
luckyaus.com##.notice-slider
luckyaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
luckyaus.com##.floating-icons-container
luckyaus.com##.static-icon-container
luckyaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
mofospin.com###marquee > span
mofospin.com##.notice-slider
mofospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
mofospin.com##.floating-icons-container
mofospin.com##.static-icon-container
mofospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
methaus.com###marquee > span
methaus.com##.notice-slider
methaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
methaus.com##.floating-icons-container
methaus.com##.static-icon-container
methaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
maxcunt.com###marquee > span
maxcunt.com##.notice-slider
maxcunt.com##.swal2-backdrop
maxcunt.com##.floating-icons-container
maxcunt.com##.static-icon-container
maxcunt.com##.floating-whatsapp
hicunt.com###marquee > span
hicunt.com##.notice-slider
hicunt.com##.swal2-backdrop
hicunt.com##.floating-icons-container
hicunt.com##.static-icon-container
hicunt.com##.floating-whatsapp
dis8.com###marquee > span
dis8.com##.notice-slider
dis8.com##.swal2-backdrop
dis8.com##.floating-icons-container
dis8.com##.static-icon-container
dis8.com##.floating-whatsapp
scr66.com###marquee > span
scr66.com##.notice-slider
scr66.com##.swal2-backdrop
scr66.com##.floating-icons-container
scr66.com##.static-icon-container
scr66.com##.floating-whatsapp
popmolly.co###marquee > span
popmolly.co##.notice-slider
popmolly.co##.swal2-backdrop
popmolly.co##.floating-icons-container
popmolly.co##.static-icon-container
popmolly.co##.floating-whatsapp
pureluck9.com###marquee > span
pureluck9.com##.notice-slider
pureluck9.com##.swal2-backdrop
pureluck9.com##.floating-icons-container
pureluck9.com##.static-icon-container
pureluck9.com##.floating-whatsapp
methwin.com###marquee > span
methwin.com##.notice-slider
methwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
methwin.com##.floating-icons-container
methwin.com##.static-icon-container
methwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinmate88.com###marquee > span
spinmate88.com##.notice-slider
spinmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
spinmate88.com##.static-icon-container
spinmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
methspin.com###marquee > span
methspin.com##.notice-slider
methspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
methspin.com##.floating-icons-container
methspin.com##.static-icon-container
methspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
justpokies9.com###marquee > span
justpokies9.com##.notice-slider
justpokies9.com##.swal2-backdrop
justpokies9.com##.floating-icons-container
justpokies9.com##.static-icon-container
justpokies9.com##.floating-whatsapp
methking.com###marquee > span
methking.com##.notice-slider
methking.com##.swal2-backdrop
methking.com##.floating-icons-container
methking.com##.static-icon-container
methking.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesww.org###marquee > span
pokiesww.org##.notice-slider
pokiesww.org##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesww.org##.floating-icons-container
pokiesww.org##.static-icon-container
pokiesww.org##.floating-whatsapp
liamcasino.com###marquee > span
liamcasino.com##.notice-slider
liamcasino.com##.swal2-backdrop
liamcasino.com##.floating-icons-container
liamcasino.com##.static-icon-container
liamcasino.com##.floating-whatsapp
joospin.com###marquee > span
joospin.com##.notice-slider
joospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
joospin.com##.floating-icons-container
joospin.com##.static-icon-container
joospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
anzspin.com###marquee > span
anzspin.com##.notice-slider
anzspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
anzspin.com##.floating-icons-container
anzspin.com##.static-icon-container
anzspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
jbagwin.com###marquee > span
jbagwin.com##.notice-slider
jbagwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
jbagwin.com##.floating-icons-container
jbagwin.com##.static-icon-container
jbagwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
madmofo7.com###marquee > span
madmofo7.com##.notice-slider
madmofo7.com##.swal2-backdrop
madmofo7.com##.floating-icons-container
madmofo7.com##.static-icon-container
madmofo7.com##.floating-whatsapp
aussieloot.com###marquee > span
aussieloot.com##.notice-slider
aussieloot.com##.swal2-backdrop
aussieloot.com##.floating-icons-container
aussieloot.com##.static-icon-container
aussieloot.com##.floating-whatsapp
twospin.com###marquee > span
twospin.com##.notice-slider
twospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
twospin.com##.floating-icons-container
twospin.com##.static-icon-container
twospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
funmeth.com###marquee > span
funmeth.com##.notice-slider
funmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
funmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
funmeth.com##.static-icon-container
funmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
woocunt.com###marquee > span
woocunt.com##.notice-slider
woocunt.com##.swal2-backdrop
woocunt.com##.floating-icons-container
woocunt.com##.static-icon-container
woocunt.com##.floating-whatsapp
slutaus.com###marquee > span
slutaus.com##.notice-slider
slutaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
slutaus.com##.floating-icons-container
slutaus.com##.static-icon-container
slutaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
weslot88.org###marquee > span
weslot88.org##.notice-slider
weslot88.org##.swal2-backdrop
weslot88.org##.floating-icons-container
weslot88.org##.static-icon-container
weslot88.org##.floating-whatsapp
clownwin.com###marquee > span
clownwin.com##.notice-slider
clownwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
clownwin.com##.floating-icons-container
clownwin.com##.static-icon-container
clownwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
fury9.com###marquee > span
fury9.com##.notice-slider
fury9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fury9.com##.floating-icons-container
fury9.com##.static-icon-container
fury9.com##.floating-whatsapp
spin420.com###marquee > span
spin420.com##.notice-slider
spin420.com##.swal2-backdrop
spin420.com##.floating-icons-container
spin420.com##.static-icon-container
spin420.com##.floating-whatsapp
kaboomwin.com###marquee > span
kaboomwin.com##.notice-slider
kaboomwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
kaboomwin.com##.floating-icons-container
kaboomwin.com##.static-icon-container
kaboomwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
kaboom77.com###marquee > span
kaboom77.com##.notice-slider
kaboom77.com##.swal2-backdrop
kaboom77.com##.floating-icons-container
kaboom77.com##.static-icon-container
kaboom77.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinfred.com###marquee > span
spinfred.com##.notice-slider
spinfred.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinfred.com##.floating-icons-container
spinfred.com##.static-icon-container
spinfred.com##.floating-whatsapp
goospin.com###marquee > span
goospin.com##.notice-slider
goospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
goospin.com##.floating-icons-container
goospin.com##.static-icon-container
goospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiestt.com###marquee > span
pokiestt.com##.notice-slider
pokiestt.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiestt.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiestt.com##.static-icon-container
pokiestt.com##.floating-whatsapp
heroinspin.com###marquee > span
heroinspin.com##.notice-slider
heroinspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
heroinspin.com##.floating-icons-container
heroinspin.com##.static-icon-container
heroinspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
woah99.com###marquee > span
woah99.com##.notice-slider
woah99.com##.swal2-backdrop
woah99.com##.floating-icons-container
woah99.com##.static-icon-container
woah99.com##.floating-whatsapp
gunspin9.com###marquee > span
gunspin9.com##.notice-slider
gunspin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
gunspin9.com##.floating-icons-container
gunspin9.com##.static-icon-container
gunspin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
bdmspin.com###marquee > span
bdmspin.com##.notice-slider
bdmspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
bdmspin.com##.floating-icons-container
bdmspin.com##.static-icon-container
bdmspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
bkx9.com###marquee > span
bkx9.com##.notice-slider
bkx9.com##.swal2-backdrop
bkx9.com##.floating-icons-container
bkx9.com##.static-icon-container
bkx9.com##.floating-whatsapp
kisspokies.com###marquee > span
kisspokies.com##.notice-slider
kisspokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
kisspokies.com##.floating-icons-container
kisspokies.com##.static-icon-container
kisspokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
lovepokies.com###marquee > span
lovepokies.com##.notice-slider
lovepokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
lovepokies.com##.floating-icons-container
lovepokies.com##.static-icon-container
lovepokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
ausclub.net###marquee > span
ausclub.net##.notice-slider
ausclub.net##.swal2-backdrop
ausclub.net##.floating-icons-container
ausclub.net##.static-icon-container
ausclub.net##.floating-whatsapp
sydspin.com###marquee > span
sydspin.com##.notice-slider
sydspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
sydspin.com##.floating-icons-container
sydspin.com##.static-icon-container
sydspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
crayspin.com###marquee > span
crayspin.com##.notice-slider
crayspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
crayspin.com##.floating-icons-container
crayspin.com##.static-icon-container
crayspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
extrawin9.com###marquee > span
extrawin9.com##.notice-slider
extrawin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
extrawin9.com##.floating-icons-container
extrawin9.com##.static-icon-container
extrawin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
finaplay.com###marquee > span
finaplay.com##.notice-slider
finaplay.com##.swal2-backdrop
finaplay.com##.floating-icons-container
finaplay.com##.static-icon-container
finaplay.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinmeth.com###marquee > span
spinmeth.com##.notice-slider
spinmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
spinmeth.com##.static-icon-container
spinmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
jellospin.com###marquee > span
jellospin.com##.notice-slider
jellospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
jellospin.com##.floating-icons-container
jellospin.com##.static-icon-container
jellospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
miawin.com###marquee > span
miawin.com##.notice-slider
miawin.com##.swal2-backdrop
miawin.com##.floating-icons-container
miawin.com##.static-icon-container
miawin.com##.floating-whatsapp
paramax9.com###marquee > span
paramax9.com##.notice-slider
paramax9.com##.swal2-backdrop
paramax9.com##.floating-icons-container
paramax9.com##.static-icon-container
paramax9.com##.floating-whatsapp
raabet9.com###marquee > span
raabet9.com##.notice-slider
raabet9.com##.swal2-backdrop
raabet9.com##.floating-icons-container
raabet9.com##.static-icon-container
raabet9.com##.floating-whatsapp
slotfred.com###marquee > span
slotfred.com##.notice-slider
slotfred.com##.swal2-backdrop
slotfred.com##.floating-icons-container
slotfred.com##.static-icon-container
slotfred.com##.floating-whatsapp
damnpokies.com###marquee > span
damnpokies.com##.notice-slider
damnpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
damnpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
damnpokies.com##.static-icon-container
damnpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
drunkspin.com###marquee > span
drunkspin.com##.notice-slider
drunkspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
drunkspin.com##.floating-icons-container
drunkspin.com##.static-icon-container
drunkspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
lvbet33.com###marquee > span
lvbet33.com##.notice-slider
lvbet33.com##.swal2-backdrop
lvbet33.com##.floating-icons-container
lvbet33.com##.static-icon-container
lvbet33.com##.floating-whatsapp
aussie21.com###marquee > span
aussie21.com##.notice-slider
aussie21.com##.swal2-backdrop
aussie21.com##.floating-icons-container
aussie21.com##.static-icon-container
aussie21.com##.floating-whatsapp
witchspin.com###marquee > span
witchspin.com##.notice-slider
witchspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
witchspin.com##.floating-icons-container
witchspin.com##.static-icon-container
witchspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
breakspin.com###marquee > span
breakspin.com##.notice-slider
breakspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
breakspin.com##.floating-icons-container
breakspin.com##.static-icon-container
breakspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
dogdog11.com###marquee > span
dogdog11.com##.notice-slider
dogdog11.com##.swal2-backdrop
dogdog11.com##.floating-icons-container
dogdog11.com##.static-icon-container
dogdog11.com##.floating-whatsapp
heymeth.co###marquee > span
heymeth.co##.notice-slider
heymeth.co##.swal2-backdrop
heymeth.co##.floating-icons-container
heymeth.co##.static-icon-container
heymeth.co##.floating-whatsapp
donaldwin.com###marquee > span
donaldwin.com##.notice-slider
donaldwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
donaldwin.com##.floating-icons-container
donaldwin.com##.static-icon-container
donaldwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
woospin.org###marquee > span
woospin.org##.notice-slider
woospin.org##.swal2-backdrop
woospin.org##.floating-icons-container
woospin.org##.static-icon-container
woospin.org##.floating-whatsapp
melspin.com###marquee > span
melspin.com##.notice-slider
melspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
melspin.com##.floating-icons-container
melspin.com##.static-icon-container
melspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
rizspin.net###marquee > span
rizspin.net##.notice-slider
rizspin.net##.swal2-backdrop
rizspin.net##.floating-icons-container
rizspin.net##.static-icon-container
rizspin.net##.floating-whatsapp
betnet9.com###marquee > span
betnet9.com##.notice-slider
betnet9.com##.swal2-backdrop
betnet9.com##.floating-icons-container
betnet9.com##.static-icon-container
betnet9.com##.floating-whatsapp
crackspin.com###marquee > span
crackspin.com##.notice-slider
crackspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
crackspin.com##.floating-icons-container
crackspin.com##.static-icon-container
crackspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
tlcwin.com###marquee > span
tlcwin.com##.notice-slider
tlcwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
tlcwin.com##.floating-icons-container
tlcwin.com##.static-icon-container
tlcwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
slotmate88.com###marquee > span
slotmate88.com##.notice-slider
slotmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
slotmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
slotmate88.com##.static-icon-container
slotmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
tcl21.com###marquee > span
tcl21.com##.notice-slider
tcl21.com##.swal2-backdrop
tcl21.com##.floating-icons-container
tcl21.com##.static-icon-container
tcl21.com##.floating-whatsapp
n1win.net###marquee > span
n1win.net##.notice-slider
n1win.net##.swal2-backdrop
n1win.net##.floating-icons-container
n1win.net##.static-icon-container
n1win.net##.floating-whatsapp
oimate.co###marquee > span
oimate.co##.notice-slider
oimate.co##.swal2-backdrop
oimate.co##.floating-icons-container
oimate.co##.static-icon-container
oimate.co##.floating-whatsapp
cumspin.com###marquee > span
cumspin.com##.notice-slider
cumspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
cumspin.com##.floating-icons-container
cumspin.com##.static-icon-container
cumspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
west28.com###marquee > span
west28.com##.notice-slider
west28.com##.swal2-backdrop
west28.com##.floating-icons-container
west28.com##.static-icon-container
west28.com##.floating-whatsapp
muckerspin.com###marquee > span
muckerspin.com##.notice-slider
muckerspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
muckerspin.com##.floating-icons-container
muckerspin.com##.static-icon-container
muckerspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
scr111.com###marquee > span
scr111.com##.notice-slider
scr111.com##.swal2-backdrop
scr111.com##.floating-icons-container
scr111.com##.static-icon-container
scr111.com##.floating-whatsapp
maxmeth.com###marquee > span
maxmeth.com##.notice-slider
maxmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
maxmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
maxmeth.com##.static-icon-container
maxmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
n1spin.com###marquee > span
n1spin.com##.notice-slider
n1spin.com##.swal2-backdrop
n1spin.com##.floating-icons-container
n1spin.com##.static-icon-container
n1spin.com##.floating-whatsapp
legit99.com###marquee > span
legit99.com##.notice-slider
legit99.com##.swal2-backdrop
legit99.com##.floating-icons-container
legit99.com##.static-icon-container
legit99.com##.floating-whatsapp
betcody.com###marquee > span
betcody.com##.notice-slider
betcody.com##.swal2-backdrop
betcody.com##.floating-icons-container
betcody.com##.static-icon-container
betcody.com##.floating-whatsapp
blackpokies.com###marquee > span
blackpokies.com##.notice-slider
blackpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
blackpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
blackpokies.com##.static-icon-container
blackpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
methmeth.com###marquee > span
methmeth.com##.notice-slider
methmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
methmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
methmeth.com##.static-icon-container
methmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
click96.com###marquee > span
click96.com##.notice-slider
click96.com##.swal2-backdrop
click96.com##.floating-icons-container
click96.com##.static-icon-container
click96.com##.floating-whatsapp
deespin.com###marquee > span
deespin.com##.notice-slider
deespin.com##.swal2-backdrop
deespin.com##.floating-icons-container
deespin.com##.static-icon-container
deespin.com##.floating-whatsapp
double9.org###marquee > span
double9.org##.notice-slider
double9.org##.swal2-backdrop
double9.org##.floating-icons-container
double9.org##.static-icon-container
double9.org##.floating-whatsapp
nicemeth.com###marquee > span
nicemeth.com##.notice-slider
nicemeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
nicemeth.com##.floating-icons-container
nicemeth.com##.static-icon-container
nicemeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
ecstasybaby.com###marquee > span
ecstasybaby.com##.notice-slider
ecstasybaby.com##.swal2-backdrop
ecstasybaby.com##.floating-icons-container
ecstasybaby.com##.static-icon-container
ecstasybaby.com##.floating-whatsapp
kennycasino.com###marquee > span
kennycasino.com##.notice-slider
kennycasino.com##.swal2-backdrop
kennycasino.com##.floating-icons-container
kennycasino.com##.static-icon-container
kennycasino.com##.floating-whatsapp
richclub9.com###marquee > span
richclub9.com##.notice-slider
richclub9.com##.swal2-backdrop
richclub9.com##.floating-icons-container
richclub9.com##.static-icon-container
richclub9.com##.floating-whatsapp
crownaud.com###marquee > span
crownaud.com##.notice-slider
crownaud.com##.swal2-backdrop
crownaud.com##.floating-icons-container
crownaud.com##.static-icon-container
crownaud.com##.floating-whatsapp
fendipokies.com###marquee > span
fendipokies.com##.notice-slider
fendipokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
fendipokies.com##.floating-icons-container
fendipokies.com##.static-icon-container
fendipokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
drpokies.com###marquee > span
drpokies.com##.notice-slider
drpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
drpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
drpokies.com##.static-icon-container
drpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
furspin.com###marquee > span
furspin.com##.notice-slider
furspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
furspin.com##.floating-icons-container
furspin.com##.static-icon-container
furspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
ilovejili.net###marquee > span
ilovejili.net##.notice-slider
ilovejili.net##.swal2-backdrop
ilovejili.net##.floating-icons-container
ilovejili.net##.static-icon-container
ilovejili.net##.floating-whatsapp
freakwin.com###marquee > span
freakwin.com##.notice-slider
freakwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
freakwin.com##.floating-icons-container
freakwin.com##.static-icon-container
freakwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinvegas9.com###marquee > span
spinvegas9.com##.notice-slider
spinvegas9.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinvegas9.com##.floating-icons-container
spinvegas9.com##.static-icon-container
spinvegas9.com##.floating-whatsapp
28mars.net###marquee > span
28mars.net##.notice-slider
28mars.net##.swal2-backdrop
28mars.net##.floating-icons-container
28mars.net##.static-icon-container
28mars.net##.floating-whatsapp
himeth.com###marquee > span
himeth.com##.notice-slider
himeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
himeth.com##.floating-icons-container
himeth.com##.static-icon-container
himeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
woohoo9.com###marquee > span
woohoo9.com##.notice-slider
woohoo9.com##.swal2-backdrop
woohoo9.com##.floating-icons-container
woohoo9.com##.static-icon-container
woohoo9.com##.floating-whatsapp
aussiebt.net###marquee > span
aussiebt.net##.notice-slider
aussiebt.net##.swal2-backdrop
aussiebt.net##.floating-icons-container
aussiebt.net##.static-icon-container
aussiebt.net##.floating-whatsapp
rookash.com###marquee > span
rookash.com##.notice-slider
rookash.com##.swal2-backdrop
rookash.com##.floating-icons-container
rookash.com##.static-icon-container
rookash.com##.floating-whatsapp
petercasino.com###marquee > span
petercasino.com##.notice-slider
petercasino.com##.swal2-backdrop
petercasino.com##.floating-icons-container
petercasino.com##.static-icon-container
petercasino.com##.floating-whatsapp
slotmeth.com###marquee > span
slotmeth.com##.notice-slider
slotmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
slotmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
slotmeth.com##.static-icon-container
slotmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
winstreak9.com###marquee > span
winstreak9.com##.notice-slider
winstreak9.com##.swal2-backdrop
winstreak9.com##.floating-icons-container
winstreak9.com##.static-icon-container
winstreak9.com##.floating-whatsapp
betjason.com###marquee > span
betjason.com##.notice-slider
betjason.com##.swal2-backdrop
betjason.com##.floating-icons-container
betjason.com##.static-icon-container
betjason.com##.floating-whatsapp
nelspin.com###marquee > span
nelspin.com##.notice-slider
nelspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
nelspin.com##.floating-icons-container
nelspin.com##.static-icon-container
nelspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
breakwin.com###marquee > span
breakwin.com##.notice-slider
breakwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
breakwin.com##.floating-icons-container
breakwin.com##.static-icon-container
breakwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinbizzo.com###marquee > span
spinbizzo.com##.notice-slider
spinbizzo.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinbizzo.com##.floating-icons-container
spinbizzo.com##.static-icon-container
spinbizzo.com##.floating-whatsapp
heypokies.com###marquee > span
heypokies.com##.notice-slider
heypokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
heypokies.com##.floating-icons-container
heypokies.com##.static-icon-container
heypokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
! Title: Gambling Site Cleanup
! Description: Hides floating icons, social widgets, marquees, and pop-ups, and blocks some images on a curated list of gambling websites.
! Last updated: 2025-08-07

! Rules for specific domains
fuckwit9.com###marquee > span
fuckwit9.com##.notice-slider
fuckwit9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fuckwit9.com##.floating-icons-container
fuckwit9.com##.static-icon-container
fuckwit9.com##.floating-whatsapp
methpokies.com###marquee > span
methpokies.com##.notice-slider
methpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
methpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
methpokies.com##.static-icon-container
methpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
psychospin.com###marquee > span
psychospin.com##.notice-slider
psychospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
psychospin.com##.floating-icons-container
psychospin.com##.static-icon-container
psychospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
gronkspin.com###marquee > span
gronkspin.com##.notice-slider
gronkspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
gronkspin.com##.floating-icons-container
gronkspin.com##.static-icon-container
gronkspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
mofoclub.com###marquee > span
mofoclub.com##.notice-slider
mofoclub.com##.swal2-backdrop
mofoclub.com##.floating-icons-container
mofoclub.com##.static-icon-container
mofoclub.com##.floating-whatsapp
cuntpokies.com###marquee > span
cuntpokies.com##.notice-slider
cuntpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
cuntpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntpokies.com##.static-icon-container
cuntpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinsx.net###marquee > span
spinsx.net##.notice-slider
spinsx.net##.swal2-backdrop
spinsx.net##.floating-icons-container
spinsx.net##.static-icon-container
spinsx.net##.floating-whatsapp
onya88.com###marquee > span
onya88.com##.notice-slider
onya88.com##.swal2-backdrop
onya88.com##.floating-icons-container
onya88.com##.static-icon-container
onya88.com##.floating-whatsapp
cuntmeth.com###marquee > span
cuntmeth.com##.notice-slider
cuntmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
cuntmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntmeth.com##.static-icon-container
cuntmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
methbaby.co###marquee > span
methbaby.co##.notice-slider
methbaby.co##.swal2-backdrop
methbaby.co##.floating-icons-container
methbaby.co##.static-icon-container
methbaby.co##.floating-whatsapp
dickwin.com###marquee > span
dickwin.com##.notice-slider
dickwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
dickwin.com##.floating-icons-container
dickwin.com##.static-icon-container
dickwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
f1pokies.com###marquee > span
f1pokies.com##.notice-slider
f1pokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
f1pokies.com##.floating-icons-container
f1pokies.com##.static-icon-container
f1pokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesdream.com###marquee > span
pokiesdream.com##.notice-slider
pokiesdream.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesdream.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiesdream.com##.static-icon-container
pokiesdream.com##.floating-whatsapp
limitedpokies.com###marquee > span
limitedpokies.com##.notice-slider
limitedpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
limitedpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
limitedpokies.com##.static-icon-container
limitedpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
fuckingluck.com###marquee > span
fuckingluck.com##.notice-slider
fuckingluck.com##.swal2-backdrop
fuckingluck.com##.floating-icons-container
fuckingluck.com##.static-icon-container
fuckingluck.com##.floating-whatsapp
boombaby9.com###marquee > span
boombaby9.com##.notice-slider
boombaby9.com##.swal2-backdrop
boombaby9.com##.floating-icons-container
boombaby9.com##.static-icon-container
boombaby9.com##.floating-whatsapp
vicspin.com###marquee > span
vicspin.com##.notice-slider
vicspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
vicspin.com##.floating-icons-container
vicspin.com##.static-icon-container
vicspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
adultsbet.com###marquee > span
adultsbet.com##.notice-slider
adultsbet.com##.swal2-backdrop
adultsbet.com##.floating-icons-container
adultsbet.com##.static-icon-container
adultsbet.com##.floating-whatsapp
punk11.com###marquee > span
punk11.com##.notice-slider
punk11.com##.swal2-backdrop
punk11.com##.floating-icons-container
punk11.com##.static-icon-container
punk11.com##.floating-whatsapp
potstrike.com###marquee > span
potstrike.com##.notice-slider
potstrike.com##.swal2-backdrop
potstrike.com##.floating-icons-container
potstrike.com##.static-icon-container
potstrike.com##.floating-whatsapp
wonpokies.com###marquee > span
wonpokies.com##.notice-slider
wonpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
wonpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
wonpokies.com##.static-icon-container
wonpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
sawspin.com###marquee > span
sawspin.com##.notice-slider
sawspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
sawspin.com##.floating-icons-container
sawspin.com##.static-icon-container
sawspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
bomboclat9.com###marquee > span
bomboclat9.com##.notice-slider
bomboclat9.com##.swal2-backdrop
bomboclat9.com##.floating-icons-container
bomboclat9.com##.static-icon-container
bomboclat9.com##.floating-whatsapp
vanspin.com###marquee > span
vanspin.com##.notice-slider
vanspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
vanspin.com##.floating-icons-container
vanspin.com##.static-icon-container
vanspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
bong21.com###marquee > span
bong21.com##.notice-slider
bong21.com##.swal2-backdrop
bong21.com##.floating-icons-container
bong21.com##.static-icon-container
bong21.com##.floating-whatsapp
f1spin.com###marquee > span
f1spin.com##.notice-slider
f1spin.com##.swal2-backdrop
f1spin.com##.floating-icons-container
f1spin.com##.static-icon-container
f1spin.com##.floating-whatsapp
justwin9.com###marquee > span
justwin9.com##.notice-slider
justwin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
justwin9.com##.floating-icons-container
justwin9.com##.static-icon-container
justwin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
wink9.com###marquee > span
wink9.com##.notice-slider
wink9.com##.swal2-backdrop
wink9.com##.floating-icons-container
wink9.com##.static-icon-container
wink9.com##.floating-whatsapp
devegas99.com###marquee > span
devegas99.com##.notice-slider
devegas99.com##.swal2-backdrop
devegas99.com##.floating-icons-container
devegas99.com##.static-icon-container
devegas99.com##.floating-whatsapp
playmeth.com###marquee > span
playmeth.com##.notice-slider
playmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
playmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
playmeth.com##.static-icon-container
playmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
roopokies.com###marquee > span
roopokies.com##.notice-slider
roopokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
roopokies.com##.floating-icons-container
roopokies.com##.static-icon-container
roopokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
winmate88.com###marquee > span
winmate88.com##.notice-slider
winmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
winmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
winmate88.com##.static-icon-container
winmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
lwin9.com###marquee > span
lwin9.com##.notice-slider
lwin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
lwin9.com##.floating-icons-container
lwin9.com##.static-icon-container
lwin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
fastspin99.com###marquee > span
fastspin99.com##.notice-slider
fastspin99.com##.swal2-backdrop
fastspin99.com##.floating-icons-container
fastspin99.com##.static-icon-container
fastspin99.com##.floating-whatsapp
nextpokies.com###marquee > span
nextpokies.com##.notice-slider
nextpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
nextpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
nextpokies.com##.static-icon-container
nextpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinkash.com###marquee > span
spinkash.com##.notice-slider
spinkash.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinkash.com##.floating-icons-container
spinkash.com##.static-icon-container
spinkash.com##.floating-whatsapp
winspin99.com###marquee > span
winspin99.com##.notice-slider
winspin99.com##.swal2-backdrop
winspin99.com##.floating-icons-container
winspin99.com##.static-icon-container
winspin99.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinwoo.com###marquee > span
spinwoo.com##.notice-slider
spinwoo.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinwoo.com##.floating-icons-container
spinwoo.com##.static-icon-container
spinwoo.com##.floating-whatsapp
stokedau.com###marquee > span
stokedau.com##.notice-slider
stokedau.com##.swal2-backdrop
stokedau.com##.floating-icons-container
stokedau.com##.static-icon-container
stokedau.com##.floating-whatsapp
creampokies.com###marquee > span
creampokies.com##.notice-slider
creampokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
creampokies.com##.floating-icons-container
creampokies.com##.static-icon-container
creampokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
yomate88.com###marquee > span
yomate88.com##.notice-slider
yomate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
yomate88.com##.floating-icons-container
yomate88.com##.static-icon-container
yomate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
rtspin.com###marquee > span
rtspin.com##.notice-slider
rtspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
rtspin.com##.floating-icons-container
rtspin.com##.static-icon-container
rtspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
unipokies.com###marquee > span
unipokies.com##.notice-slider
unipokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
unipokies.com##.floating-icons-container
unipokies.com##.static-icon-container
unipokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
lvpokies.com###marquee > span
lvpokies.com##.notice-slider
lvpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
lvpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
lvpokies.com##.static-icon-container
lvpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
cuntaus.com###marquee > span
cuntaus.com##.notice-slider
cuntaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
cuntaus.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntaus.com##.static-icon-container
cuntaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
betblaze.org###marquee > span
betblaze.org##.notice-slider
betblaze.org##.swal2-backdrop
betblaze.org##.floating-icons-container
betblaze.org##.static-icon-container
betblaze.org##.floating-whatsapp
joofred.com###marquee > span
joofred.com##.notice-slider
joofred.com##.swal2-backdrop
joofred.com##.floating-icons-container
joofred.com##.static-icon-container
joofred.com##.floating-whatsapp
beebee11.com###marquee > span
beebee11.com##.notice-slider
beebee11.com##.swal2-backdrop
beebee11.com##.floating-icons-container
beebee11.com##.static-icon-container
beebee11.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinbaby.co###marquee > span
spinbaby.co##.notice-slider
spinbaby.co##.swal2-backdrop
spinbaby.co##.floating-icons-container
spinbaby.co##.static-icon-container
spinbaby.co##.floating-whatsapp
scr55.com###marquee > span
scr55.com##.notice-slider
scr55.com##.swal2-backdrop
scr55.com##.floating-icons-container
scr55.com##.static-icon-container
scr55.com##.floating-whatsapp
wowbet9.net###marquee > span
wowbet9.net##.notice-slider
wowbet9.net##.swal2-backdrop
wowbet9.net##.floating-icons-container
wowbet9.net##.static-icon-container
wowbet9.net##.floating-whatsapp
wabet77.com###marquee > span
wabet77.com##.notice-slider
wabet77.com##.swal2-backdrop
wabet77.com##.floating-icons-container
wabet77.com##.static-icon-container
wabet77.com##.floating-whatsapp
fafabet9.com###marquee > span
fafabet9.com##.notice-slider
fafabet9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fafabet9.com##.floating-icons-container
fafabet9.com##.static-icon-container
fafabet9.com##.floating-whatsapp
waboom77.com###marquee > span
waboom77.com##.notice-slider
waboom77.com##.swal2-backdrop
waboom77.com##.floating-icons-container
waboom77.com##.static-icon-container
waboom77.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesokay.com###marquee > span
pokiesokay.com##.notice-slider
pokiesokay.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesokay.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiesokay.com##.static-icon-container
pokiesokay.com##.floating-whatsapp
88pokies.com###marquee > span
88pokies.com##.notice-slider
88pokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
88pokies.com##.floating-icons-container
88pokies.com##.static-icon-container
88pokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
cocainespin.com###marquee > span
cocainespin.com##.notice-slider
cocainespin.com##.swal2-backdrop
cocainespin.com##.floating-icons-container
cocainespin.com##.static-icon-container
cocainespin.com##.floating-whatsapp
tinniewin.com###marquee > span
tinniewin.com##.notice-slider
tinniewin.com##.swal2-backdrop
tinniewin.com##.floating-icons-container
tinniewin.com##.static-icon-container
tinniewin.com##.floating-whatsapp
juzspin.com###marquee > span
juzspin.com##.notice-slider
juzspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
juzspin.com##.floating-icons-container
juzspin.com##.static-icon-container
juzspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
jackpotmate88.com###marquee > span
jackpotmate88.com##.notice-slider
jackpotmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
jackpotmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
jackpotmate88.com##.static-icon-container
jackpotmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
methbet.com###marquee > span
methbet.com##.notice-slider
methbet.com##.swal2-backdrop
methbet.com##.floating-icons-container
methbet.com##.static-icon-container
methbet.com##.floating-whatsapp
masonspin.com###marquee > span
masonspin.com##.notice-slider
masonspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
masonspin.com##.floating-icons-container
masonspin.com##.static-icon-container
masonspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
gopokies.co###marquee > span
gopokies.co##.notice-slider
gopokies.co##.swal2-backdrop
gopokies.co##.floating-icons-container
gopokies.co##.static-icon-container
gopokies.co##.floating-whatsapp
minorspin.com###marquee > span
minorspin.com##.notice-slider
minorspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
minorspin.com##.floating-icons-container
minorspin.com##.static-icon-container
minorspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
ketawin.com###marquee > span
ketawin.com##.notice-slider
ketawin.com##.swal2-backdrop
ketawin.com##.floating-icons-container
ketawin.com##.static-icon-container
ketawin.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesgg.com###marquee > span
pokiesgg.com##.notice-slider
pokiesgg.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesgg.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiesgg.com##.static-icon-container
pokiesgg.com##.floating-whatsapp
roospin.com###marquee > span
roospin.com##.notice-slider
roospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
roospin.com##.floating-icons-container
roospin.com##.static-icon-container
roospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
tcl99aus.com###marquee > span
tcl99aus.com##.notice-slider
tcl99aus.com##.swal2-backdrop
tcl99aus.com##.floating-icons-container
tcl99aus.com##.static-icon-container
tcl99aus.com##.floating-whatsapp
tmzbet.com###marquee > span
tmzbet.com##.notice-slider
tmzbet.com##.swal2-backdrop
tmzbet.com##.floating-icons-container
tmzbet.com##.static-icon-container
tmzbet.com##.floating-whatsapp
lsdbaby.co###marquee > span
lsdbaby.co##.notice-slider
lsdbaby.co##.swal2-backdrop
lsdbaby.co##.floating-icons-container
lsdbaby.co##.static-icon-container
lsdbaby.co##.floating-whatsapp
winsavage.com###marquee > span
winsavage.com##.notice-slider
winsavage.com##.swal2-backdrop
winsavage.com##.floating-icons-container
winsavage.com##.static-icon-container
winsavage.com##.floating-whatsapp
winwin9.org###marquee > span
winwin9.org##.notice-slider
winwin9.org##.swal2-backdrop
winwin9.org##.floating-icons-container
winwin9.org##.static-icon-container
winwin9.org##.floating-whatsapp
fatdog9.com###marquee > span
fatdog9.com##.notice-slider
fatdog9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fatdog9.com##.floating-icons-container
fatdog9.com##.static-icon-container
fatdog9.com##.floating-whatsapp
luckyaus.com###marquee > span
luckyaus.com##.notice-slider
luckyaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
luckyaus.com##.floating-icons-container
luckyaus.com##.static-icon-container
luckyaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
mofospin.com###marquee > span
mofospin.com##.notice-slider
mofospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
mofospin.com##.floating-icons-container
mofospin.com##.static-icon-container
mofospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
methaus.com###marquee > span
methaus.com##.notice-slider
methaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
methaus.com##.floating-icons-container
methaus.com##.static-icon-container
methaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
maxcunt.com###marquee > span
maxcunt.com##.notice-slider
maxcunt.com##.swal2-backdrop
maxcunt.com##.floating-icons-container
maxcunt.com##.static-icon-container
maxcunt.com##.floating-whatsapp
hicunt.com###marquee > span
hicunt.com##.notice-slider
hicunt.com##.swal2-backdrop
hicunt.com##.floating-icons-container
hicunt.com##.static-icon-container
hicunt.com##.floating-whatsapp
dis8.com###marquee > span
dis8.com##.notice-slider
dis8.com##.swal2-backdrop
dis8.com##.floating-icons-container
dis8.com##.static-icon-container
dis8.com##.floating-whatsapp
scr66.com###marquee > span
scr66.com##.notice-slider
scr66.com##.swal2-backdrop
scr66.com##.floating-icons-container
scr66.com##.static-icon-container
scr66.com##.floating-whatsapp
popmolly.co###marquee > span
popmolly.co##.notice-slider
popmolly.co##.swal2-backdrop
popmolly.co##.floating-icons-container
popmolly.co##.static-icon-container
popmolly.co##.floating-whatsapp
pureluck9.com###marquee > span
pureluck9.com##.notice-slider
pureluck9.com##.swal2-backdrop
pureluck9.com##.floating-icons-container
pureluck9.com##.static-icon-container
pureluck9.com##.floating-whatsapp
methwin.com###marquee > span
methwin.com##.notice-slider
methwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
methwin.com##.floating-icons-container
methwin.com##.static-icon-container
methwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinmate88.com###marquee > span
spinmate88.com##.notice-slider
spinmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
spinmate88.com##.static-icon-container
spinmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
methspin.com###marquee > span
methspin.com##.notice-slider
methspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
methspin.com##.floating-icons-container
methspin.com##.static-icon-container
methspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
justpokies9.com###marquee > span
justpokies9.com##.notice-slider
justpokies9.com##.swal2-backdrop
justpokies9.com##.floating-icons-container
justpokies9.com##.static-icon-container
justpokies9.com##.floating-whatsapp
methking.com###marquee > span
methking.com##.notice-slider
methking.com##.swal2-backdrop
methking.com##.floating-icons-container
methking.com##.static-icon-container
methking.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiesww.org###marquee > span
pokiesww.org##.notice-slider
pokiesww.org##.swal2-backdrop
pokiesww.org##.floating-icons-container
pokiesww.org##.static-icon-container
pokiesww.org##.floating-whatsapp
liamcasino.com###marquee > span
liamcasino.com##.notice-slider
liamcasino.com##.swal2-backdrop
liamcasino.com##.floating-icons-container
liamcasino.com##.static-icon-container
liamcasino.com##.floating-whatsapp
joospin.com###marquee > span
joospin.com##.notice-slider
joospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
joospin.com##.floating-icons-container
joospin.com##.static-icon-container
joospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
anzspin.com###marquee > span
anzspin.com##.notice-slider
anzspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
anzspin.com##.floating-icons-container
anzspin.com##.static-icon-container
anzspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
jbagwin.com###marquee > span
jbagwin.com##.notice-slider
jbagwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
jbagwin.com##.floating-icons-container
jbagwin.com##.static-icon-container
jbagwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
madmofo7.com###marquee > span
madmofo7.com##.notice-slider
madmofo7.com##.swal2-backdrop
madmofo7.com##.floating-icons-container
madmofo7.com##.static-icon-container
madmofo7.com##.floating-whatsapp
aussieloot.com###marquee > span
aussieloot.com##.notice-slider
aussieloot.com##.swal2-backdrop
aussieloot.com##.floating-icons-container
aussieloot.com##.static-icon-container
aussieloot.com##.floating-whatsapp
twospin.com###marquee > span
twospin.com##.notice-slider
twospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
twospin.com##.floating-icons-container
twospin.com##.static-icon-container
twospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
funmeth.com###marquee > span
funmeth.com##.notice-slider
funmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
funmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
funmeth.com##.static-icon-container
funmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
woocunt.com###marquee > span
woocunt.com##.notice-slider
woocunt.com##.swal2-backdrop
woocunt.com##.floating-icons-container
woocunt.com##.static-icon-container
woocunt.com##.floating-whatsapp
slutaus.com###marquee > span
slutaus.com##.notice-slider
slutaus.com##.swal2-backdrop
slutaus.com##.floating-icons-container
slutaus.com##.static-icon-container
slutaus.com##.floating-whatsapp
weslot88.org###marquee > span
weslot88.org##.notice-slider
weslot88.org##.swal2-backdrop
weslot88.org##.floating-icons-container
weslot88.org##.static-icon-container
weslot88.org##.floating-whatsapp
clownwin.com###marquee > span
clownwin.com##.notice-slider
clownwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
clownwin.com##.floating-icons-container
clownwin.com##.static-icon-container
clownwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
fury9.com###marquee > span
fury9.com##.notice-slider
fury9.com##.swal2-backdrop
fury9.com##.floating-icons-container
fury9.com##.static-icon-container
fury9.com##.floating-whatsapp
spin420.com###marquee > span
spin420.com##.notice-slider
spin420.com##.swal2-backdrop
spin420.com##.floating-icons-container
spin420.com##.static-icon-container
spin420.com##.floating-whatsapp
kaboomwin.com###marquee > span
kaboomwin.com##.notice-slider
kaboomwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
kaboomwin.com##.floating-icons-container
kaboomwin.com##.static-icon-container
kaboomwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
kaboom77.com###marquee > span
kaboom77.com##.notice-slider
kaboom77.com##.swal2-backdrop
kaboom77.com##.floating-icons-container
kaboom77.com##.static-icon-container
kaboom77.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinfred.com###marquee > span
spinfred.com##.notice-slider
spinfred.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinfred.com##.floating-icons-container
spinfred.com##.static-icon-container
spinfred.com##.floating-whatsapp
goospin.com###marquee > span
goospin.com##.notice-slider
goospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
goospin.com##.floating-icons-container
goospin.com##.static-icon-container
goospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
pokiestt.com###marquee > span
pokiestt.com##.notice-slider
pokiestt.com##.swal2-backdrop
pokiestt.com##.floating-icons-container
pokiestt.com##.static-icon-container
pokiestt.com##.floating-whatsapp
heroinspin.com###marquee > span
heroinspin.com##.notice-slider
heroinspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
heroinspin.com##.floating-icons-container
heroinspin.com##.static-icon-container
heroinspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
woah99.com###marquee > span
woah99.com##.notice-slider
woah99.com##.swal2-backdrop
woah99.com##.floating-icons-container
woah99.com##.static-icon-container
woah99.com##.floating-whatsapp
gunspin9.com###marquee > span
gunspin9.com##.notice-slider
gunspin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
gunspin9.com##.floating-icons-container
gunspin9.com##.static-icon-container
gunspin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
bdmspin.com###marquee > span
bdmspin.com##.notice-slider
bdmspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
bdmspin.com##.floating-icons-container
bdmspin.com##.static-icon-container
bdmspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
bkx9.com###marquee > span
bkx9.com##.notice-slider
bkx9.com##.swal2-backdrop
bkx9.com##.floating-icons-container
bkx9.com##.static-icon-container
bkx9.com##.floating-whatsapp
kisspokies.com###marquee > span
kisspokies.com##.notice-slider
kisspokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
kisspokies.com##.floating-icons-container
kisspokies.com##.static-icon-container
kisspokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
lovepokies.com###marquee > span
lovepokies.com##.notice-slider
lovepokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
lovepokies.com##.floating-icons-container
lovepokies.com##.static-icon-container
lovepokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
ausclub.net###marquee > span
ausclub.net##.notice-slider
ausclub.net##.swal2-backdrop
ausclub.net##.floating-icons-container
ausclub.net##.static-icon-container
ausclub.net##.floating-whatsapp
sydspin.com###marquee > span
sydspin.com##.notice-slider
sydspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
sydspin.com##.floating-icons-container
sydspin.com##.static-icon-container
sydspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
crayspin.com###marquee > span
crayspin.com##.notice-slider
crayspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
crayspin.com##.floating-icons-container
crayspin.com##.static-icon-container
crayspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
extrawin9.com###marquee > span
extrawin9.com##.notice-slider
extrawin9.com##.swal2-backdrop
extrawin9.com##.floating-icons-container
extrawin9.com##.static-icon-container
extrawin9.com##.floating-whatsapp
finaplay.com###marquee > span
finaplay.com##.notice-slider
finaplay.com##.swal2-backdrop
finaplay.com##.floating-icons-container
finaplay.com##.static-icon-container
finaplay.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinmeth.com###marquee > span
spinmeth.com##.notice-slider
spinmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
spinmeth.com##.static-icon-container
spinmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
jellospin.com###marquee > span
jellospin.com##.notice-slider
jellospin.com##.swal2-backdrop
jellospin.com##.floating-icons-container
jellospin.com##.static-icon-container
jellospin.com##.floating-whatsapp
miawin.com###marquee > span
miawin.com##.notice-slider
miawin.com##.swal2-backdrop
miawin.com##.floating-icons-container
miawin.com##.static-icon-container
miawin.com##.floating-whatsapp
paramax9.com###marquee > span
paramax9.com##.notice-slider
paramax9.com##.swal2-backdrop
paramax9.com##.floating-icons-container
paramax9.com##.static-icon-container
paramax9.com##.floating-whatsapp
raabet9.com###marquee > span
raabet9.com##.notice-slider
raabet9.com##.swal2-backdrop
raabet9.com##.floating-icons-container
raabet9.com##.static-icon-container
raabet9.com##.floating-whatsapp
slotfred.com###marquee > span
slotfred.com##.notice-slider
slotfred.com##.swal2-backdrop
slotfred.com##.floating-icons-container
slotfred.com##.static-icon-container
slotfred.com##.floating-whatsapp
damnpokies.com###marquee > span
damnpokies.com##.notice-slider
damnpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
damnpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
damnpokies.com##.static-icon-container
damnpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
drunkspin.com###marquee > span
drunkspin.com##.notice-slider
drunkspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
drunkspin.com##.floating-icons-container
drunkspin.com##.static-icon-container
drunkspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
lvbet33.com###marquee > span
lvbet33.com##.notice-slider
lvbet33.com##.swal2-backdrop
lvbet33.com##.floating-icons-container
lvbet33.com##.static-icon-container
lvbet33.com##.floating-whatsapp
aussie21.com###marquee > span
aussie21.com##.notice-slider
aussie21.com##.swal2-backdrop
aussie21.com##.floating-icons-container
aussie21.com##.static-icon-container
aussie21.com##.floating-whatsapp
witchspin.com###marquee > span
witchspin.com##.notice-slider
witchspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
witchspin.com##.floating-icons-container
witchspin.com##.static-icon-container
witchspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
breakspin.com###marquee > span
breakspin.com##.notice-slider
breakspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
breakspin.com##.floating-icons-container
breakspin.com##.static-icon-container
breakspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
dogdog11.com###marquee > span
dogdog11.com##.notice-slider
dogdog11.com##.swal2-backdrop
dogdog11.com##.floating-icons-container
dogdog11.com##.static-icon-container
dogdog11.com##.floating-whatsapp
heymeth.co###marquee > span
heymeth.co##.notice-slider
heymeth.co##.swal2-backdrop
heymeth.co##.floating-icons-container
heymeth.co##.static-icon-container
heymeth.co##.floating-whatsapp
donaldwin.com###marquee > span
donaldwin.com##.notice-slider
donaldwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
donaldwin.com##.floating-icons-container
donaldwin.com##.static-icon-container
donaldwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
woospin.org###marquee > span
woospin.org##.notice-slider
woospin.org##.swal2-backdrop
woospin.org##.floating-icons-container
woospin.org##.static-icon-container
woospin.org##.floating-whatsapp
melspin.com###marquee > span
melspin.com##.notice-slider
melspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
melspin.com##.floating-icons-container
melspin.com##.static-icon-container
melspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
rizspin.net###marquee > span
rizspin.net##.notice-slider
rizspin.net##.swal2-backdrop
rizspin.net##.floating-icons-container
rizspin.net##.static-icon-container
rizspin.net##.floating-whatsapp
betnet9.com###marquee > span
betnet9.com##.notice-slider
betnet9.com##.swal2-backdrop
betnet9.com##.floating-icons-container
betnet9.com##.static-icon-container
betnet9.com##.floating-whatsapp
crackspin.com###marquee > span
crackspin.com##.notice-slider
crackspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
crackspin.com##.floating-icons-container
crackspin.com##.static-icon-container
crackspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
tlcwin.com###marquee > span
tlcwin.com##.notice-slider
tlcwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
tlcwin.com##.floating-icons-container
tlcwin.com##.static-icon-container
tlcwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
slotmate88.com###marquee > span
slotmate88.com##.notice-slider
slotmate88.com##.swal2-backdrop
slotmate88.com##.floating-icons-container
slotmate88.com##.static-icon-container
slotmate88.com##.floating-whatsapp
tcl21.com###marquee > span
tcl21.com##.notice-slider
tcl21.com##.swal2-backdrop
tcl21.com##.floating-icons-container
tcl21.com##.static-icon-container
tcl21.com##.floating-whatsapp
n1win.net###marquee > span
n1win.net##.notice-slider
n1win.net##.swal2-backdrop
n1win.net##.floating-icons-container
n1win.net##.static-icon-container
n1win.net##.floating-whatsapp
oimate.co###marquee > span
oimate.co##.notice-slider
oimate.co##.swal2-backdrop
oimate.co##.floating-icons-container
oimate.co##.static-icon-container
oimate.co##.floating-whatsapp
cumspin.com###marquee > span
cumspin.com##.notice-slider
cumspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
cumspin.com##.floating-icons-container
cumspin.com##.static-icon-container
cumspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
west28.com###marquee > span
west28.com##.notice-slider
west28.com##.swal2-backdrop
west28.com##.floating-icons-container
west28.com##.static-icon-container
west28.com##.floating-whatsapp
muckerspin.com###marquee > span
muckerspin.com##.notice-slider
muckerspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
muckerspin.com##.floating-icons-container
muckerspin.com##.static-icon-container
muckerspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
scr111.com###marquee > span
scr111.com##.notice-slider
scr111.com##.swal2-backdrop
scr111.com##.floating-icons-container
scr111.com##.static-icon-container
scr111.com##.floating-whatsapp
maxmeth.com###marquee > span
maxmeth.com##.notice-slider
maxmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
maxmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
maxmeth.com##.static-icon-container
maxmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
n1spin.com###marquee > span
n1spin.com##.notice-slider
n1spin.com##.swal2-backdrop
n1spin.com##.floating-icons-container
n1spin.com##.static-icon-container
n1spin.com##.floating-whatsapp
legit99.com###marquee > span
legit99.com##.notice-slider
legit99.com##.swal2-backdrop
legit99.com##.floating-icons-container
legit99.com##.static-icon-container
legit99.com##.floating-whatsapp
betcody.com###marquee > span
betcody.com##.notice-slider
betcody.com##.swal2-backdrop
betcody.com##.floating-icons-container
betcody.com##.static-icon-container
betcody.com##.floating-whatsapp
blackpokies.com###marquee > span
blackpokies.com##.notice-slider
blackpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
blackpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
blackpokies.com##.static-icon-container
blackpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
methmeth.com###marquee > span
methmeth.com##.notice-slider
methmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
methmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
methmeth.com##.static-icon-container
methmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
click96.com###marquee > span
click96.com##.notice-slider
click96.com##.swal2-backdrop
click96.com##.floating-icons-container
click96.com##.static-icon-container
click96.com##.floating-whatsapp
deespin.com###marquee > span
deespin.com##.notice-slider
deespin.com##.swal2-backdrop
deespin.com##.floating-icons-container
deespin.com##.static-icon-container
deespin.com##.floating-whatsapp
double9.org###marquee > span
double9.org##.notice-slider
double9.org##.swal2-backdrop
double9.org##.floating-icons-container
double9.org##.static-icon-container
double9.org##.floating-whatsapp
nicemeth.com###marquee > span
nicemeth.com##.notice-slider
nicemeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
nicemeth.com##.floating-icons-container
nicemeth.com##.static-icon-container
nicemeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
ecstasybaby.com###marquee > span
ecstasybaby.com##.notice-slider
ecstasybaby.com##.swal2-backdrop
ecstasybaby.com##.floating-icons-container
ecstasybaby.com##.static-icon-container
ecstasybaby.com##.floating-whatsapp
kennycasino.com###marquee > span
kennycasino.com##.notice-slider
kennycasino.com##.swal2-backdrop
kennycasino.com##.floating-icons-container
kennycasino.com##.static-icon-container
kennycasino.com##.floating-whatsapp
richclub9.com###marquee > span
richclub9.com##.notice-slider
richclub9.com##.swal2-backdrop
richclub9.com##.floating-icons-container
richclub9.com##.static-icon-container
richclub9.com##.floating-whatsapp
crownaud.com###marquee > span
crownaud.com##.notice-slider
crownaud.com##.swal2-backdrop
crownaud.com##.floating-icons-container
crownaud.com##.static-icon-container
crownaud.com##.floating-whatsapp
fendipokies.com###marquee > span
fendipokies.com##.notice-slider
fendipokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
fendipokies.com##.floating-icons-container
fendipokies.com##.static-icon-container
fendipokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
drpokies.com###marquee > span
drpokies.com##.notice-slider
drpokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
drpokies.com##.floating-icons-container
drpokies.com##.static-icon-container
drpokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
furspin.com###marquee > span
furspin.com##.notice-slider
furspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
furspin.com##.floating-icons-container
furspin.com##.static-icon-container
furspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
ilovejili.net###marquee > span
ilovejili.net##.notice-slider
ilovejili.net##.swal2-backdrop
ilovejili.net##.floating-icons-container
ilovejili.net##.static-icon-container
ilovejili.net##.floating-whatsapp
freakwin.com###marquee > span
freakwin.com##.notice-slider
freakwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
freakwin.com##.floating-icons-container
freakwin.com##.static-icon-container
freakwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinvegas9.com###marquee > span
spinvegas9.com##.notice-slider
spinvegas9.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinvegas9.com##.floating-icons-container
spinvegas9.com##.static-icon-container
spinvegas9.com##.floating-whatsapp
28mars.net###marquee > span
28mars.net##.notice-slider
28mars.net##.swal2-backdrop
28mars.net##.floating-icons-container
28mars.net##.static-icon-container
28mars.net##.floating-whatsapp
himeth.com###marquee > span
himeth.com##.notice-slider
himeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
himeth.com##.floating-icons-container
himeth.com##.static-icon-container
himeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
woohoo9.com###marquee > span
woohoo9.com##.notice-slider
woohoo9.com##.swal2-backdrop
woohoo9.com##.floating-icons-container
woohoo9.com##.static-icon-container
woohoo9.com##.floating-whatsapp
aussiebt.net###marquee > span
aussiebt.net##.notice-slider
aussiebt.net##.swal2-backdrop
aussiebt.net##.floating-icons-container
aussiebt.net##.static-icon-container
aussiebt.net##.floating-whatsapp
rookash.com###marquee > span
rookash.com##.notice-slider
rookash.com##.swal2-backdrop
rookash.com##.floating-icons-container
rookash.com##.static-icon-container
rookash.com##.floating-whatsapp
petercasino.com###marquee > span
petercasino.com##.notice-slider
petercasino.com##.swal2-backdrop
petercasino.com##.floating-icons-container
petercasino.com##.static-icon-container
petercasino.com##.floating-whatsapp
slotmeth.com###marquee > span
slotmeth.com##.notice-slider
slotmeth.com##.swal2-backdrop
slotmeth.com##.floating-icons-container
slotmeth.com##.static-icon-container
slotmeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
winstreak9.com###marquee > span
winstreak9.com##.notice-slider
winstreak9.com##.swal2-backdrop
winstreak9.com##.floating-icons-container
winstreak9.com##.static-icon-container
winstreak9.com##.floating-whatsapp
betjason.com###marquee > span
betjason.com##.notice-slider
betjason.com##.swal2-backdrop
betjason.com##.floating-icons-container
betjason.com##.static-icon-container
betjason.com##.floating-whatsapp
nelspin.com###marquee > span
nelspin.com##.notice-slider
nelspin.com##.swal2-backdrop
nelspin.com##.floating-icons-container
nelspin.com##.static-icon-container
nelspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
breakwin.com###marquee > span
breakwin.com##.notice-slider
breakwin.com##.swal2-backdrop
breakwin.com##.floating-icons-container
breakwin.com##.static-icon-container
breakwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
spinbizzo.com###marquee > span
spinbizzo.com##.notice-slider
spinbizzo.com##.swal2-backdrop
spinbizzo.com##.floating-icons-container
spinbizzo.com##.static-icon-container
spinbizzo.com##.floating-whatsapp
heypokies.com###marquee > span
heypokies.com##.notice-slider
heypokies.com##.swal2-backdrop
heypokies.com##.floating-icons-container
heypokies.com##.static-icon-container
heypokies.com##.floating-whatsapp
masonspin.net##.floating-icons-container
masonspin.net##.static-icon-container
masonspin.net##.floating-whatsapp
||masonspin.net/media/*.jpg$image
cuntboom.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntboom.com##.static-icon-container
cuntboom.com##.floating-whatsapp
||cuntboom.com/media/*.jpg$image
methbet.net##.floating-icons-container
methbet.net##.static-icon-container
methbet.net##.floating-whatsapp
||methbet.net/media/*.jpg$image
cuntspin.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntspin.com##.static-icon-container
cuntspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
||cuntspin.com/media/*.jpg$image
paramax9.net##.floating-icons-container
paramax9.net##.static-icon-container
paramax9.net##.floating-whatsapp
||paramax9.net/media/*.jpg$image
fuckingmeth.org##.floating-icons-container
fuckingmeth.org##.static-icon-container
fuckingmeth.org##.floating-whatsapp
||fuckingmeth.org/media/*.jpg$image
spinmeth.org##.floating-icons-container
spinmeth.org##.static-icon-container
spinmeth.org##.floating-whatsapp
||spinmeth.org/media/*.jpg$image
gunspin9.net##.floating-icons-container
gunspin9.net##.static-icon-container
gunspin9.net##.floating-whatsapp
||gunspin9.net/media/*.jpg$image
goospin.org##.floating-icons-container
goospin.org##.static-icon-container
goospin.org##.floating-whatsapp
||goospin.org/media/*.jpg$image
woah99.org##.floating-icons-container
woah99.org##.static-icon-container
woah99.org##.floating-whatsapp
||woah99.org/media/*.jpg$image
jerkspin.com##.floating-icons-container
jerkspin.com##.static-icon-container
jerkspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
||jerkspin.com/media/*.jpg$image
pokiesokay.net##.floating-icons-container
pokiesokay.net##.static-icon-container
pokiesokay.net##.floating-whatsapp
||pokiesokay.net/media/*.jpg$image
beebee11.net##.floating-icons-container
beebee11.net##.static-icon-container
beebee11.net##.floating-whatsapp
||beebee11.net/media/*.jpg$image
joofred.org##.floating-icons-container
joofred.org##.static-icon-container
joofred.org##.floating-whatsapp
||joofred.org/media/*.jpg$image
popmolly.net##.floating-icons-container
popmolly.net##.static-icon-container
popmolly.net##.floating-whatsapp
||popmolly.net/media/*.jpg$image
justpokies9.net##.floating-icons-container
justpokies9.net##.static-icon-container
justpokies9.net##.floating-whatsapp
||justpokies9.net/media/*.jpg$image
mofospin.net##.floating-icons-container
mofospin.net##.static-icon-container
mofospin.net##.floating-whatsapp
||mofospin.net/media/*.jpg$image
fuckfuck.app##.floating-icons-container
fuckfuck.app##.static-icon-container
fuckfuck.app##.floating-whatsapp
||fuckfuck.app/media/*.jpg$image
rizspin.com##.floating-icons-container
rizspin.com##.static-icon-container
rizspin.com##.floating-whatsapp
||rizspin.com/media/*.jpg$image
cuntwin.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntwin.com##.static-icon-container
cuntwin.com##.floating-whatsapp
||cuntwin.com/media/*.jpg$image
spinking.net##.floating-icons-container
spinking.net##.static-icon-container
spinking.net##.floating-whatsapp
||spinking.net/media/*.jpg$image
scatter9.net##.floating-icons-container
scatter9.net##.static-icon-container
scatter9.net##.floating-whatsapp
||scatter9.net/media/*.jpg$image
slotmate88.net##.floating-icons-container
slotmate88.net##.static-icon-container
slotmate88.net##.floating-whatsapp
||slotmate88.net/media/*.jpg$image
cuntcunt.com##.floating-icons-container
cuntcunt.com##.static-icon-container
cuntcunt.com##.floating-whatsapp
||cuntcunt.com/media/*.jpg$image
heymeth.com##.floating-icons-container
heymeth.com##.static-icon-container
heymeth.com##.floating-whatsapp
||heymeth.com/media/*.jpg$image

! Rule for all domains in the list
/media/*.jpg$image,domain=fuckwit9.com|heypokies.com|methpokies.com|psychospin.com|gronkspin.com|mofoclub.com|cuntpokies.com|spinsx.net|onya88.com|cuntmeth.com|methbaby.co|dickwin.com|f1pokies.com|pokiesdream.com|limitedpokies.com|fuckingluck.com|boombaby9.com|vicspin.com|adultsbet.com|punk11.com|potstrike.com|wonpokies.com|sawspin.com|bomboclat9.com|vanspin.com|bong21.com|f1spin.com|justwin9.com|wink9.com|devegas99.com|playmeth.com|roopokies.com|winmate88.com|lwin9.com|fastspin99.com|nextpokies.com|spinkash.com|winspin99.com|spinwoo.com|stokedau.com|creampokies.com|yomate88.com|rtspin.com|unipokies.com|lvpokies.com|cuntaus.com|betblaze.org|joofred.com|beebee11.com|spinbaby.co|scr55.com|wowbet9.net|wabet77.com|fafabet9.com|waboom77.com|pokiesokay.com|88pokies.com|cocainespin.com|tinniewin.com|juzspin.com|jackpotmate88.com|methbet.com|masonspin.com|gopokies.co|minorspin.com|ketawin.com|pokiesgg.com|roospin.com|tcl99aus.com|tmzbet.com|lsdbaby.co|winsavage.com|winwin9.org|fatdog9.com|luckyaus.com|mofospin.com|methaus.com|maxcunt.com|hicunt.com|dis8.com|scr66.com|popmolly.co|pureluck9.com|methwin.com|spinmate88.com|methspin.com|justpokies9.com|methking.com|pokiesww.org|liamcasino.com|joospin.com|anzspin.com|jbagwin.com|madmofo7.com|aussieloot.com|twospin.com|funmeth.com|woocunt.com|slutaus.com|weslot88.org|clownwin.com|fury9.com|spin420.com|kaboomwin.com|kaboom77.com|spinfred.com|goospin.com|pokiestt.com|heroinspin.com|woah99.com|gunspin9.com|bdmspin.com|bkx9.com|kisspokies.com|lovepokies.com|ausclub.net|sydspin.com|crayspin.com|extrawin9.com|finaplay.com|spinmeth.com|jellospin.com|miawin.com|paramax9.com|raabet9.com|slotfred.com|damnpokies.com|drunkspin.com|lvbet33.com|aussie21.com|witchspin.com|breakspin.com|dogdog11.com|heymeth.co|donaldwin.com|woospin.org|melspin.com|rizspin.net|betnet9.com|crackspin.com|tlcwin.com|slotmate88.com|tcl21.com|n1win.net|oimate.co|cumspin.com|west28.com|muckerspin.com|scr111.com|maxmeth.com|n1spin.com|legit99.com|betcody.com|blackpokies.com|methmeth.com|click96.com|deespin.com|double9.org|nicemeth.com|ecstasybaby.com|kennycasino.com|richclub9.com|crownaud.com|fendipokies.com|drpokies.com|furspin.com|ilovejili.net|freakwin.com|spinvegas9.com|28mars.net|himeth.com|woohoo9.com|aussiebt.net|rookash.com|petercasino.com|slotmeth.com|winstreak9.com|betjason.com|nelspin.com|breakwin.com|spinbizzo.com
